General instructions: run the file '.rb' in Linux terminal or other OS and enter the desired transaction information. Linux example: if the file is in your home folder, just open the terminal and type 'ruby cryptools.rb'. If you need more information about cryptocurrencies, go to the sites below:
https://www.forbes.com/advisor/investing/what-is-cryptocurrency/    https://www.infomoney.com.br/guias/criptomoedas/    https://economia.uol.com.br/faq/criptomoedas-o-que-e-como-funciona-bitcoin-e-mais.htm
1. Holding: the algorithm evaluates a given crypto-asset, helping the user to decide whether to invest for long-term profit. Ideal for 'savings' and 'earnings' and 'stakings'.
1.1 Subtitles: a) Value: unit value of the asset; b) Market capitalization: market cap; c) Supply: outstanding supply and total supply; d) Buying zone: ideal price range for purchase according to Fibonacci Retraction; e) Momentum valuation: current value evaluation according to the buying zone.
2. Trading: the algorithm stipulates signals for swing trading. Ideal for experienced traders who are used to trading. Keep in mind that trading involves high risk of financial loss, use this algorithm at your own risk. Instructions: Enter all data correctly. When analyzing the chart, you need to view candles with a 1 hour interval. If you see that the minimum of consecutive negative candles has been reached, check whether the current value of the cryptocurrency is within one of the buy zones. If so, wait until the asset value approaches support or a reversal candlestick pattern appears before buying. Examples of reversal candlestick patterns: Dragonfly Doji, Hammer and Tweezer Bottom. If you want to learn more about Japanese candles, click on the sites below:
https://www.forex.com/en-us/market-analysis/latest-research/japanese-candlestick-patterns-cheat-sheet-fx/    https://www.financebrokerage.com/pt-br/padroes-de-graficos/    https://www.investirnabolsa.com/curso-cfd/velas-japonesas/
2.1 Subtitles: a) Quarterly average: average of all values in the last quarter; b) Median: value in the center of all values in the quarter's history; c) Middle: average between the quarter's maximum and minimum; d) Buying zones: best buying zones according to Fibonacci Retracement.
3. Stops: calculates the limits of gain and loss of a trade, as well as the possible profit and loss risk. The suggestion is to apply the strategy according to the zone in which the asset was at the moment of purchase: 'bold' for zone 1, 'aggressive' for zone 2 and 'berserk' for zone 3.
3.1 Subtitles: a) Stop-gain: moment of selling at a profit; b) Stop-loss: moment of selling at a loss; c) Absolute profit: possibility of profit in absolute amount, in case the gain limit is reached; d) Amount at risk: amount at risk of loss, in case the loss limit is reached.
4. Monitor: monitors the value of the cryptocurrency in 5-minute interval. A summary is shown at the end of each hour, with statistics and important data. Please note: the buying zones shown in this mode are for trading.
4. 1 Subtitles: a) Opening: asset value at the beginning of the hour; b) Closing: asset value at the end of the hour; c) Maximum: maximum value reached during the hour; d) Minimum: minimum value reached during the hour; e) Average: average of all values during the hour; f) Median: value in the center of the set of all values in the hour; g) Middle: average between maximum and minimum; h) Volume: volume of the last 24 hours; i) Strength: buyers' strength ('bulls', positive value) against sellers' strength ('bears', negative value); j) Strength + volume: sum of strength and volume variation during the hour; k) Mixed variance: average of the variation in value and market capitalization; l) Average variance: average of the variations of the hours since the beginning of monitoring; m) Total variation: total variation since the beginning of monitoring; m) Zone: buying/selling zones for trading; n) Sequence: consecutive hours, positive or negative.
5. Top 100: finds the best holding assets among those with the highest capitalization; 6. Treasure Hunt: finds the three best assets among 100 random ones; 7. Search assets: useful to find out the ID of some cryptocurrency; 8. Record: view or delete the log file; 9. Check server: checks the connection to CoinGecko; 10. News: latest updates from the cryptoactive world.
Visit the project page and give it a star: https://github.com/milodraco/TCA
Want to support the project? You can send me some Satoshis (BTC): 19BbzBpudqWDzbCH2Rn8vT2q6CekjjtLN1
Remember: no method guarantees profit, just as none eliminates the possibility of loss. Trade only if you are aware of the risks involved and consult a professional in case of doubt.
ATTENTION! KNOW THAT TRADING INVOLVES HIGH RISK OF LOSS, DON'T TRADE UNLESS YOU ARE SURE YOU KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING. NO METHOD CAN GUARANTEE PROFIT.
